---
templateKey: news
title: Tuesday, August 25, 2009
group: PPF House
general: true
postedBy: ppfhouse
date: 2009-08-26T01:00:00-04:00
---
Ladies and Gents,

We here at PPF House are proud to announce the grand unleashing of **MAGNOLIUS**'s sophomore release, **MARY MUSTH**. It is big, it is bad, it is only available via download from [Bandcamp.com. ](http://magnolius.bandcamp.com)The full length album features beats by Mike Denheyer and Mike Secan, production by MAG and Sunclef, and guest spots from Jessica Lloyd, DJ Alibi, Chris Gale, LEO37, Nick Zubeck &amp; Perilelle.

Go [here](http://magnolius.bandcamp.com) to get it NOW.

Also, if you're in or around Toronto, we are doing a massive launch party at [Wrong Bar](http://www.wrongbar.com/) on **SEPTEMBER 3rd** where the boys will be selling their **special edition oversized Mary Musth collectors' booklet** (which includes a free download code). Doors at 9; Awesome at 9:01.

**:::**

**APPLAUSE at for Bandcamp**

If you haven't already, go to [bandcamp.com ](http://leo37.bandcamp.com)to download **LEO37 &amp; Sunclef'**s new maxi-single APPLAUSE, featuring the title track, the b-side Homebody Status, and 2 instrumentals featuring Tim Shia and William Sperandei.

**:::**

**WPBE on Tour!!?!**

The WPBE is heading out for a mini tour across the Canadian prairies! Be warned: this is not your grandmother's jazz...

Dates are as follows:

<span class="date">Thu. Sep. 17:</span>  
 **Toronto** - Tequila Bookworm; 9pm -12am

<span class="date">Mon. Sep. 21:</span>  
 **Thunder Bay** - the Apollo  
 WHEN 9pm

<span class="date">Tue. Sep. 22:</span>  
  **Winnipeg** - Le Garage Cafe; 9-12

<span class="date">Wed. Sep. 23:</span>  
 **Brandon** - the Music Studio; 9pm

<span class="date">Thu. Sep. 24:</span>  
 **Saskatoon** - the Spadina Freehouse; 9pm

<span class="date">Fri. Sep. 25:</span>  
 **Calgary** - the Beat Niq; 9pm

Stay tuned for dates on special clinics that the band will be holding during the tour as well.

The Worst just got worse... whatever that means...

:::

***PPF House: Do you remember love?** **We don't. But we don't have to... we're living it.***